# Sphinx LaTeX ReqSpec Template

This template is supposed to be a "dry" ready-to-go template for writing 
technical documentation which includes requirements and specifications documents 
and technical manuals.

The template has been created from the default Sphinx LaTeX template based 
on the [LaTeX customization](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/latex.html)
instructions.

A few further customizations have been made to reduce a number of the features
that were enabled by default in the boilerplate code generated by Sphinx.

This work is a byproduct of my work on 
[StrictDoc](https://github.com/strictdoc-project/strictdoc). StrictDoc uses
this template to generate 
[its own documentation into PDF](https://strictdoc.readthedocs.io/_/downloads/en/latest/pdf/)
using Sphinx.

## Template example

[Template.pdf](Template.pdf)

## Template details

A few problems are solved in this template with what have been possible due to
a few hours of tinkering with Tex/LaTeX using StackOverflow including:

- Basic style for the front page with the project title and document metadata 
  table.

- Automatic numberic starts from 1 from the title page and increases
  without any further customization.

- Table of contents has simple style, everything should be aligned correctly.

- The default fncychap is disabled. Instead plain chapter titles are printed 
  without any decoration.
 
- Boilerplate for running titles

## Feedback

The author is neither a designer nor a LaTeX expert. The contents of `conf.py`
are Work-in-Progress and might change.

If you know how the look of the template could be improved or you could share
LaTeX knowledge, don't hesitate to contact me via email or open a GitHub issue.
